Richard Vargo - First task was the map overlay. The map overlay was taken from the digital pdf, cleaned up and reformatted on photoshop to better suit our purposes. The original image was extremely pixelated when zoomed into so I increased the ppi and sharpen the image to the best of my ability. Assisted TJ in implementing the overlay into the application, aligning the roads and paths with the apple MapKit. Next, designed the application icon and loading screen in photoshop and implemented those into the application. After those were implemented built the sample schema for our database in JSON and assisted Tri with building the various views in the map. Additionally touched up any of the UI visuals. Finally, contributed to the final report and presentation primarily with the Background and Motivation, System Discussion - Application and Future Road Map - Application. 

Riley Hockett - From a development perspective worked primarily on database design and the website. Built the entire website. Added firebase support to the website and designed the entire website UI. Also extensively on the automatic pdf generation feature which involved loading custom fonts into jsPDF. Additionally, designed and implemented the blooming plants database schema and wrote some firebase rules around the updating of the database. Also worked on the app helping to connect it to both firebase and the website. Coordinated extensively with Hugh and the garden’s team both before development commenced and during the development process. Worked on all of the documentation surrounding the project and wrote a significant chunk of the final report. 

TJ Nzewi - I primarily worked on the app. I configured the firebase connection and worked extensively on the mapping features. I built the entire custom annotations platform and was able to dynamically pull annotations that were updated in real time into the live map. I also designed logic around how these would be displayed and the icons that were used. Additionally, I designed the annotation database objects with extensibility and scalability in mind. I then created the main app view and pulled all of this together. I attended numerous meetings with Hugh and was an interface between him and the other members of the project. Trilok and I polished up the other features of the app and worked on polishing up the design interface. I also consulted the database design at a higher level. I worked on both the final report and presentation. 

Trilok Sadarangani - Handled a variety things over the course of the semester. First I built out the application with TJ creating the different views and menu tabs on the application. The menu includes a number of views. Next the major chunk of the project was integrating Riley’s database system into the application and extracting the json data into meaningful texts on the application dynamically. Worked extensively with Hugh to ensure the application features for the first iteration of the application were in the right direction.  
